---
title: <small>CSCI4430 - </small>Computer Networks
categories: [project, course, 2019_spring, C/C++]
---
The course assignments of CSCI4430. 


### The Course
I took the course CSCI4430 in 2019 spring term. The course is to learn the terminologies and high-level ideas of computer networking.

It introduces basic concepts of networks and discusses the concepts of networking design (e.g. TCP, UDP). It is a very informational course, and I made a full font size 8, 2 pages (4-sided) cheatsheet for the final exam.

There were 3 assignments and 1 fianl examination for this course. The second assignment is quite challenging. The final examination tested students' understanding of important concepts, as well as some of the details mentioned in class.
<br><br>


### Course Assignment
There were 3 assignments: <br>
1. *A Multi-Client File Transfer Application.* In this assignment, students are required to implement a multi-client file transfer application called _MYFTP_. _MYFTP_ is a simplified version of the File Transfer Protocol (FTP). It includes the basic functionalities of FTP, such as file upload/download and file listing. It also enables multiple clients to simultaneously connect to the server at the same time.
2. *Selective Repeat.* In this assignment, students are required to implement the Selective Repeat (SR) protocol to support the reliable data transfer between a client and a server over UDP under an unreliable network connection.
3. *Implementing NAT using NFQUEUE.* In this assignment, students are required to implement a NAT application using the software library NFQUEUE. The NAT application can forward TCP traffic.
<br><br>


### Links
Check [GitHub](https://github.com/liumuzi/443-assg) for our assignments!