---
title: <small>CSCI4190 - </small>Social Networks
categories: [project, course, 2019_spring, Python, multi-agent system]
---
The course project of CSCI4190, which requires students to finish a social network analysis task on a real-world dataset.


### What the Course Teaches
I took the course CSCI4190 in 2019 spring term. 

It introduces various topics about social networks and graph theory, including network effect, power laws, smal world phenomenon etc. As I had research experience related to social networks and nulti-agent systems, I did not find it hard to grasp the knowledge. But as the topics covered in this course are broad, it was not easy to connect everything together when I reviewed for the final examination.
<br><br>


### Assignments
There were 3 assignments in total. 

The first one was to write a paper response, which summerizes and analyzes a peer-reviewed paper related to one of the topics we learned in class. It was not as hard as it sounds, and it feels novel for me to read papers that had actually been taught in class.

The second and third ones were both traditional assignments that require you to write answers of a set of problems.
<br><br>


### Course Project
In this course project, you are expected to finish a social network analysis task on a real-world dataset. The major phases consist of:  
1. Specify your analysis task.
2. The dataset and software which should be utilized in your project.
3. Conduct analysis and finish the final project report.

There were 5 task sets to choose, all of which contain several subtasks. My partner and I chose the task set _Simulate epidemics_: 
* a) SIR model.  
* b) SIS model.  
* c) SIRS model.  
* d) Epidemics and network structure.

The dataset we used is the [soc-Epinions1](http://snap.stanford.edu/data/soc-Epinions1.html) provided by Stanford, and our results are mainly presented by a project report. 
<br><br>


### Links
Check [GitHub](https://github.com/liumuzi/4190-project) for our code and report of the project!